[Identity] referencing developer guide in the readme and contribute.md (#4271)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/README.md

a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

> ## Developer Contributing Guide

Reviewer: Same comment as in the other PR regarding the header

Author: done

> For details on developer inner-loop workflow and contributing guide see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer 2: Do you mind if I suggest an alternative wording?  Happy to workshop this a bit more to get it perfect

```suggestion
If you'd like to contribute to this library, please read the the [contributing _guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more about how to build and test the code.
```

Author: Yes definitely :)

Author: done
